= Planning for 701 session with Tanya. =

== Easley, D. and Kleinberg, J. Networks, Crowds, and Markets: Reasoning About a Highly Connected World, Chapter 6 ==

This is a formal introduction to Game Theory. The goal here is to formalize the
theory and reach the "standard result". Such standard result will then be used
as benchmark against what experimentalists observe through human-subject
experiments.

=== Learning Goal: ===
* Formal construct of Game Theory (incorporate games)
* Not sure how technical shall the introductions be?
    * Shall we solve an example or two?
    * Shall we give an outline of the contents in this chapter?

== Schelling, T.C., “Bargaining, communication, and limited war.” Conflict Resolution, 1957.  1(1): p. 19-36. ==
This is an old piece that motivates game theory. Without too much deviation from
reality, we observe that:
* The difficulty of a coordination process lies in communication and "common
  ground"
    * Here, the communication channel help with
    * "common ground" restricts to the level of mutual awareness of "information
      set" (which shall have been formally defined in the Easley & Kleinberg)
* TODO: list further factors and complete the picture *(In a more inclusive way.)*

=== Learning Goals ===
To motivate:
* Communication may foster corporative game (or a strategic situation);
* In a non-corporative setting, simplifying payoff structure may ease the
  tension. (Limited war: fully ban)
* Connect this back to formal game theory?

== Camerer, C. F., Behavioral Game Theory: Experiments in Strategic Interaction, Chapter 1, ==
Three examples are given to motivate "behavioral game theory":
* Ultimatum Bargaining
* Path-Dependent Coordination in "Continental Divide" Games
* "Beauty Contests" and Iterated Dominance

=== Learning Goals ===
* TODO: complete this from re-reading Section 1.3 and Section 1.4 (conclusion).
